# News
https://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news/ "News"                                         #ArchLinux
http://feeds.arstechnica.com/arstechnica/index "News"                                #ArsTechnica
https://hnrss.org/frontpage?comments=25 "News"                                       #HackerNews

# Blogs
vihart.com/feed "Blogs"                                                              #Vihart
https://feeds.feedburner.com/steveklabnik/words "Blogs"                              #SteveKlabnik
https://lukesmith.xyz/rss.xml "Blogs"                                                #LukeSmith
https://drewdevault.com/feed.xml "Blogs"                                             #DrewDevault

#Comics
https://xkcd.com/rss.xml "Comics"                                                    #xkcd
https://femmeandroid.com/bodies/index.xml "Comics"                                   #Bodies-FemmeAndroid

# Vids1
http://www.cgpgrey.com/blog?format=rss "Vids1"                                       #CGPgrey
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYO_jab_esuFRV4b17AJtAw "Vids1" #3blue1brown
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzX9cK-P6lpB-6So-kTtmAA "Vids1" #AnaTheUnknown <3
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNvsIonJdJ5E4EXMa65VYpA "Vids1" #Contrapoints
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCO7fujFV_MuxTM0TuZrnE6Q "Vids1" #FelixColgrave
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClt01z1wHHT7c5lKcU8pxRQ "Vids1" #Hbomberguy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5fdssPqmmGhkhsJi4VcckA "Vids1" #InnuendoStudios
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsXVk37bltHxD1rDPwtNM8Q "Vids1" #Kurzgesagt
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCZ40QwZtFs_7h5MZ0ZTTwg "Vids1" #Lefie
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCG1h-Wqjtwz7uUANw6gazRw "Vids1" #LindsayEllis
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA "Vids1" #LukeSmith
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChBD4NpITiW2CzIz5GwppDA "Vids1" #MaggieMaeFish
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2PA-AKmVpU6NKCGtZq_rKQ "Vids1" #PhilosophyTube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJ6o36XL0CpYb6U5dNBiXHQ "Vids1" #Shaun
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCByBOwwOU5tKddYpsrHiUUw "Vids1" #Xidnaf
#https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id= "Vids1" #

# Vids2
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClfEht64_NrzHf8Y0slKEjw "Vids2" #AlternateHistoryHub
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCld68syR8Wi-GY_n4CaoJGA "Vids2" #BrodieRobertson
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPDXXXJj9nax0fr0Wfc048g "Vids2" #CollegeHumor
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJmlCcnfMlyPA2oSbb072QA "Vids2" #Curio
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3U5HoHRrkWNSTnaaXMYrNA "Vids2" #Ellbat
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2bkHVIDjXS7sgrgjFtzOXQ "Vids2" #Engineerguy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCabaQPYxxKepWUsEVQMT4Kw "Vids2" #HealthcareTriage
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1Zc6_BhPXiCWZlrZP4EsEg "Vids2" #HistoryWithHilbert
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSCIeZFgWF5ZNmvNVG16WHQ "Vids2" #InLoveWithAGhost
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6sRD42pb43-BcuTCa_X9-Q "Vids2" #JTSexkik
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdQKvqmHKe_8fv4Rwe7ag9Q "Vids2" #JackSaint
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbbQalJ4OaC0oQ0AqRaOJ9g "Vids2" #JayForeman
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7-E5xhZBZdW-8d7V80mzfg "Vids2" #JennyNicholson
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBbnbBWJtwsf0jLGUwX5Q3g "Vids2" #JourneyToTheMicrocosmos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJ98xGeWxpuKDAb2-Xs01Ug "Vids2" #JusReign
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCm4udGMSyzafJTLiRU3nbZw "Vids2" #Korviday
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7pBv8EE3FtDZEF3HtnbFjA "Vids2" #Ladyknightthebrave
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpa-Zb0ZcQjTCPP1Dx_1M8Q "Vids2" #LegalEagle
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9pgQfOXRsp4UKrI8q0zjXQ "Vids2" #Lindybeige
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCepkun0sH16b-mqxBN22ogA "Vids2" #Mexie
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_OttpBEWWzSUlZbk5qmhSA "Vids2" #MiaMulder
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeiYXex_fwgYDonaTcSIk6w "Vids2" #MinuteEarth
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUHW94eEFW7hkUMVaZz4eDg "Vids2" #MinutePhysics
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJkMlOu7faDgqh4PfzbpLdg "Vids2" #Nerdwriter
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1J66cMCW46dOueINxNbFtw "Vids2" #NewsyNews
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCodbH5mUeF-m_BsNueRDjcw "Vids2" #OverlySarcasticProductions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNIuvl7V8zACPpTmmNIqP2A "Vids2" #OverSimplified
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCT5jxI_OYY2r--TjAGXD03A "Vids2" #PeterCoffin
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClFSU9_bUb4Rc6OYfTt5SPw "Vids2" #PhilipDeranco
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7DdEm33SyaTDtWYGO2CwdA "Vids2" #PhysicsGirl
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgNg3vwj3xt7QOrcIDaHdFg "Vids2" #PolyMatter
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHiwtz2tCEfS17N9A-WoSSw "Vids2" #PopCultureDetective
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMOqf8ab-42UUQIdVoKwjlQ "Vids2" #PracticalEngineering
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqVEHtQoXHmUCfJ-9smpTSg "Vids2" #Sabrina
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGRB1ZjIqAiaGwt-XLq9CnA "Vids2" #Sciencium
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZYTClx2T1of7BRZ86-8fow "Vids2" #SciShow
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0aanx5rpr7D1M7KCFYzrLQ "Vids2" #Shoe0nHead
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRvWwMPr2SmSG7rXXzeEUdA "Vids2" #SideNote
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6107grRI4m0o2-emgoDnAA "Vids2" #SmarterEveryDay
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCl_dlV_7ofr4qeP1drJQ-qg "Vids2" #Tantacrul
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtZO3K2p8mqFwiKWb9k7fXA "Vids2" #TechAltar
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJ-vHE5CrGaL_ITEg-n3OeA "Vids2" #TheraminTrees
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCViwi-dXACoy9Pee73NvgJw "Vids2" #ThisPlace
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBa659QWEk1AI4Tg--mrJ2A "Vids2" #TomScott
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHnyfMqiRRG1u-2MsSQLbXA "Vids2" #Veritasium
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2LZO6swZ9SLUEOks3WnsfA "Vids2" #Veritasium2
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOGeU-1Fig3rrDjhm9Zs_wg "Vids2" #Vihart
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVpankR4HtoAVtYnFDUieYA "Vids2" #zefrank
#https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id= "Vids2" #
